Local Activity vs Activity (#752)
temporalio/documentation: docs/content/what-is-a-local-activity.md

A Local Activity is an [Activity Execution](/docs/content/what-is-an-activity-execution) that executes in the same process as the [Workflow Execution](/docs/content/what-is-a-workflow-execution) that spawns it.

> Some Activities are very short lived and do not need the queuing semantic, flow control, rate limiting and routing capabilities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some Activities are very short lived and do not need the queuing semantic, flow control, rate limiting and routing capabilities.
```
```suggestion
Some Activities are very short lived and do not need the queuing semantic, flow control, rate limiting, and routing capabilities.
```

> For this case, Temporal supports a _local Activity_ feature.

Reviewer: Here and in next sentence: Should we standardize on init-capping "Local Activity", @flossypurse?

Author: ```suggestion
For this case, Temporal supports a _Local Activity_ feature.
```

> The main benefit of local Activities is that they are much more efficient in utilizing Temporal service resources and have much lower latency overhead compared to the usual Activity invocation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The main benefit of local Activities is that they are much more efficient in utilizing Temporal service resources and have much lower latency overhead compared to the usual Activity Executions.
```

What does it mean to be "more efficient in utilizing Temporal service resources"? I actually don't know what that means here - any way we can be explicit?

Same thing with "latency overhead" - are we specifically referring to the fact that the Workflow Execution does not have to wait like a normal Activity Execution?

Author: honestly i dont love that text either, i just copy pasted it from what we had before

However, Local Activities are subject to shorter durations and a lack of rate limiting.

Consider using local Activities for functions that are:

- no longer than a few seconds, inclusive of retries (shorter than the Workflow Task Timeout, which is 10 seconds by default)
- do not require global rate limiting
- do not require routing to specific workers or pools of workers
- can be implemented in the same binary as the Workflow that invokes them

> Using local activities without understanding their limitations will cause various production issues.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Using a Local Activity without understanding its limitations can cause various production issues.
```

> **Our advice is to stick to normal activities unless your use case requires very high throughput and large activity fanouts of very short activities.**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**We recommend using regular Activities unless your use case requires very high throughput and large Activity fan outs of very short lived Activities.**
```
